Who are you? Why are you following me?
This dagger...
...is undoubtedly the murder weapon.
Last night,
Dong Qiu's movements were also strangely suspicious.
He even went to the unmarked grave in the eastern suburbs.
I've come to see you.
How have you been?
A blank tombstone.
Could it be that inside that grave...
...lies Miaoling?
I understand now.
Why didn't I think of this sooner?
Let's go, let's go.
Come with me.
Right now.
What are you acting so crazy for?
Oh.
Lady Xiaomu, you come too.
Call more people.
Bring iron hoes, ropes, and sticks.
Now!
Bring plenty of men.
Follow me.
Don't be in such a rush.
Wait, take off these clothes first.
You'll understand once we get there.
Shentu, slow down a bit.
Lao Yao.
There is something wrong with this grave.
Be careful.
Why didn't I think of this sooner?
Lao Yao.
This pit isn't right.
What's wrong with it?
It's shallow.
An ordinary grave is at least eight chi or one zhang deep.
But this grave...
...is a mere five chi deep.
Therefore...
...there is another pit beneath this one.
Just as I thought.
This soil...
...shows signs of having been turned over.
Here, give me a hand.
Guiyi.
Yes.
Start digging.
Dig!
Is Dong Qiu being watched?
He is being watched.
Good.
My Lord, we found something.
A vertical coffin.
Pressed Vertical Burial.
What is a Pressed Vertical Burial?
An ancient, accursed sorcery.
Using a horizontal coffin to suppress it...
...cursing the person in the vertical coffin...
...to never be reincarnated for all eternity.
Hoist the coffin immediately.
Open the coffin.
It's Zhao Di.
It is indeed that dagger, no mistake.
Arrest Dong Qiu.
Search.
My Lord.
What is the meaning of this?
Are you not clear on what you have done?
Your humble servant does not know.
At nightfall...
...where did you go?
Your humble servant was in the house the whole time.
Because I must help the Sun family carry the coffin tomorrow...
...and it will likely be a tiring day...
...so I was resting in my room.
Is this dagger yours?
It does not belong to your humble servant.
So you're saying I falsely accused you?
Your humble servant dares not.
But this truly does not belong to your humble servant.
If you don't admit to killing Zhao Di...
...then you are admitting to killing Miaoling.
My Lord, what do you mean by this?
Your humble servant does not understand.
Still pretending?
Miaoling died from the Fatal Fragrance inside this incense.
If you still do not understand...
...then we will dig up the unmarked grave in the eastern suburbs...
...and examine Miaoling's remains.
I still couldn't hide it from you.
It was me.
I killed that jerk Zhao Di.
Tell me.
Why exactly?
Why?
Because of Miaoling.
I lied to you that day.
I didn't see any Life-Burning Ritual at the Sun family.
Because...
At that time, I saw Miaoling calling for help.
Help me.
I blame myself for being cowardly and stupid.
I only realized after leaving the Sun family
that Miaoling was mouthing "Help me."
I have carried countless coffins
and seen countless dead bodies.
On the day of the funeral, I only needed one look
to see that Miaoling did not die of illness.
I thought it over and over.
The problem might be with that scent.
So I tried every way
to steal some incense from the Sun family.
I'm a rough man.
I don't recognize these things at all.
I found many people to identify it.
Later I discovered
that this incense was mixed with Fatal Fragrance.
What is your relationship with Miaoling?
She was a well-bred lady.
I'm a poor lad living day to day.
What relationship could we have?
It's just that Miaoling's appearance
gave me something to look forward to every day.
It's really fun.
Cool and fun.
Oh my.
Be careful.
Don't you think it's dirty?
What's dirty about this?
The mud on your body will wash right off.
My name is Miaoling.
What is your name?
My name is...
Miss.
Oh no.
The steward is coming.
I have to go quickly.
Miss.
We are good friends now.
I'll come play with you again next time.
Time to go back, the Master is looking for you.
My name is...
I know I don't have such a good fate.
I didn't dare to have delusions.
But that jerk Zhao Di, with his glib tongue,
flattered his way into marrying into the Sun family.
If he had treated Miaoling wholeheartedly, it would have been fine.
But he killed Miaoling for the Sun family fortune.
He deserves to die.
Dying once is too easy for him.
So I pressed him under the coffin.
So he can never be reincarnated.
So you stole the bones when Miaoling was buried,
and buried them elsewhere,
to give her peace in the afterlife.
What a devoted fool.
Just like you.
My Lord.
Guiyi.
The deaths of Wu Tuan, Xiaolian, and Zhuzi.
Dong Qiu has confessed to them all.
Miaoling's body has also been exhumed
and returned to the Sun family.
Sun Changxing is preparing to rebury her.
Mm.
Understood.
Where are you going in such a hurry, My Lord?
To find Shentu.
Shentu.
Strange things have happened in Wanling Township.
Are you going?
If you're not going, I'll go ahead by myself.
Three, two, one.